README.md, before:

# Team-C
Repository for work of Team Cramorant

# Members
Alex: Project Manager  
Turner: Designer  
Zach: Developer  
Jonah: Developer  

# Mission Statement



# OVERALL PROBLEM: Too many trading cards to organize without a tool
## Problem Statement:
Trading card collectors lack ways to efficiently organize data about their cards. For example, many different current trading card apps, such as Archidekt, require users to manually select each unique print of their card, as well as search for the name of the card. Dextcg is a mobile-required app that is inaccessible to those without an iOS device or a phone. If the user does not have an iOS device or wishes to access data on a computer, prior preferred solutions may not be applicable. How can we design an accessible web application to address input efficiency and prioritize user experience?

# OVERALL PROBLEM: Getting homework done on time
## Problem Statement:
Some students have trouble keeping assignment due dates organized and lack a schedule. For example, almost all students are enrolled in multiple classes, some with variable or undefined deadlines. Physical notebooks or other planner apps sometimes aren’t enough to create a schedule. These solutions lack ways to create a structured plan that the student sticks to. How can we design a web planner app to assist students in creating a schedule that helps them succeed in school?

Commit message:

added team name and pokedex entry

README.md, after:

# Team Cramorant
Pokedex Entry: Its throat is clearly not wide enough to swallow a Pikachu, and yet Cramorant makes no move to release its catch.

# Members
Alex: Project Manager  
Turner: Designer  
Zach: Developer  
Jonah: Developer  

# Mission Statement



# OVERALL PROBLEM: Too many trading cards to organize without a tool
## Problem Statement:
Trading card collectors lack ways to efficiently organize data about their cards. For example, many different current trading card apps, such as Archidekt, require users to manually select each unique print of their card, as well as search for the name of the card. Dextcg is a mobile-required app that is inaccessible to those without an iOS device or a phone. If the user does not have an iOS device or wishes to access data on a computer, prior preferred solutions may not be applicable. How can we design an accessible web application to address input efficiency and prioritize user experience?

# OVERALL PROBLEM: Getting homework done on time
## Problem Statement:
Some students have trouble keeping assignment due dates organized and lack a schedule. For example, almost all students are enrolled in multiple classes, some with variable or undefined deadlines. Physical notebooks or other planner apps sometimes aren’t enough to create a schedule. These solutions lack ways to create a structured plan that the student sticks to. How can we design a web planner app to assist students in creating a schedule that helps them succeed in school?
